community calls page (#128)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/community/community-call.md

---
id: community-call
title: Update Call for SAP Community
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_label: Community Call
description: SAP Cloud SDK hosted community calls to share updates and demonstrate best practices for developers.
keywords:
- sap
- cloud
- sdk
- cloud native
- cloud sdk
- sap cloud sdk
image:
---

## Community Call

> https://community.sap.com/resources/community-calls

Reviewer: Let's add a bit of information about what community calls are and why we run them. Then you can give a link to the page where you can understand how to join them. Also, the best practice is to wrap link into a message like: [Folllow this link to register for future community calls](link)

## Topics Backlog

> * Build an application usind SAP Cloud SDK in SAP Bussiness Application Studio

Reviewer: Nice

Reviewer: Do you think we can share our cloudsdk@sap.com email to get ideas about new topics from customers and share it on the future calls? Or maybe even your email?

Reviewer 2: Also maybe move it behind the upcoming calls? Put it as a call to action.

> * Build an application usind SAP Cloud SDK in SAP Bussiness Application Studio

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Build an application using SAP Cloud SDK in SAP Business Application Studio
```

## Upcoming Dates 2020

> * May 5 - Consuming OData v4 Services using SAP Cloud SDK

Reviewer 2: Move to history

* Jun 2
* Jul 7
* Aug 4
* Sep 1
* Oct 6
* Nov 3

> * Dec 1

Reviewer: Let's add smth like TBD to make it explicit. Otherwise it seems incomplete.

## History

### 2020

* Apr 7 - SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript goes open source

> * Mar 4 - Get from Zero to Production with SAP Cloud SDK

Reviewer 2: Some of those titles may not be self-explanatory, so we should add a description / agenda

* Feb 4 - Consume APIs of SAP Solutions with Ease

### 2019

> * Dec 3 - SAP Cloud SDK at TechEd 2019

Reviewer: Can we add recording links to the past calls. This will make it discoverable and actionable.
